DOCSUP-6387: Updated the toIPv6 and IPv6StringToNum functions (#20577)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/ip-address-functions.md

└────────────────────────────┴────────┘
```

## IPv6StringToNum {#ipv6stringtonums}

The reverse function of [IPv6NumToString](#ipv6numtostringx). If the IPv6 address has an invalid format, it returns a string of null bytes. 

> If the IP address is a valid IPv4 address, returns the IPv6 equivalent of the IPv4 address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the input string contains a valid IPv4 address, returns its IPv6 equivalent.
```

HEX can be uppercase or lowercase.

Alias: `INET6_ATON`.

**Syntax**

``` sql
IPv6StringToNum(string)
```

> **Parameters** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Argument** 
```

└───────────────────────────────────┴──────────────────────────┘
```

## toIPv6 {#toipv6string}

> An alias to [IPv6StringToNum](#ipv6stringtonums) that takes a string form of IPv6 address and returns value of [IPv6](../../sql-reference/data-types/domains/ipv6.md) type, which is binary equal to value returned by `IPv6StringToNum()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts a string form of IPv6 address to [IPv6](../../sql-reference/data-types/domains/ipv6.md) type. 
```

> If the IP address is a valid IPv4 address, then the IPv6 equivalent of the IPv4 address is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the input string contains a valid IPv4 address, then the IPv6 equivalent of the IPv4 address is returned.
```

**Syntax**

```sql
toIPv6(string)
```

**Parameters**

-   `string` — IP address. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)

**Returned value**

> -   Converted IP address. If IPv4 passed, returns its representation as IPv6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   IP address. 
```

└───────────────────────────────────┴──────────────────────────┘
```

## toIPv6 {#toipv6string}

> Converts a string form of IPv6 address to [IPv6](../../sql-reference/data-types/domains/ipv6.md) type. If the IPv6 address has an invalid format, it returns  empty value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts a string form of IPv6 address to [IPv6](../../sql-reference/data-types/domains/ipv6.md) type. If the IPv6 address has an invalid format, returns an empty value.
```

Similar to [IPv6StringToNum](#ipv6stringtonums) function, which converts IPv6 address to binary format.

If the input string contains a valid IPv4 address, then the IPv6 equivalent of the IPv4 address is returned.

**Syntax**

```sql
toIPv6(string)
```

> **Parameters**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Argument**
```
